♪ Doo doo doo do, doo doo doo do ♪
(gentle music)
♪ Understand the things I say ♪
♪ Don't turn away from me ♪
♪ 'Cause I've spent
half my life out there ♪
♪ You wouldn't disagree ♪
♪ Do you see me, do you see ♪
♪ Do you like me ♪
♪ Do you like me standing there ♪
♪ Do you notice, do you know ♪
♪ Do you see me, do you see me ♪
♪ Does anyone care ♪
♪ Unhappiness where's when I was young ♪
♪ And we didn't give a damn ♪
♪ 'Cause we were raised ♪
♪ To see life as fun
and take it if we can ♪
♪ My mother, my mother she'd hold me ♪
♪ She'd hold me when I was out there ♪
♪ My father, my father he liked me ♪
♪ Well, he liked me ♪
♪ Does anyone care ♪
♪ Doo doo doo do, doo doo doo do ♪
♪ Understand what I've become ♪
♪ It wasn't my design ♪
♪ And people everywhere think ♪
♪ Something better than I am ♪
♪ But I miss you, I miss ♪
♪ 'Cause I liked it ♪
♪ 'Cause I liked it when I was out there ♪
♪ Do you know this, do you know ♪
♪ You did not find me ♪
♪ You did not find ♪
♪ Does anyone care ♪
♪ Unhappiness where's when I was young ♪
♪ And we didn't give a damn ♪
♪ 'Cause we were raised ♪
♪ To see life as fun
and take it if we can ♪
♪ My mother, my mother she'd hold me ♪
♪ She'd hold me when I was out there ♪
♪ My father, my father he liked me ♪
♪ Well, he liked me ♪
♪ Does anyone care ♪
♪ Doo doo doo do, doo doo doo do ♪
(gentle music)